wildlife trafficking today is
unlike anything the world has
ever seen before
rare animals are being exploited
by criminal syndicates who have
access to advanced technology
advanced weapons systems there's
a huge imbalance in terms of the
resources law enforcement have
the resources criminal networks
have imagined going into the
bush against a a group of armed
poachers and you're not sure
whether your weapons gonna fire
i think the most important and
on some element of wildlife
crime are the rangers on the
ground
these men and women are asked to
go out to fight some of the
worst people in the world the
more time I spend doing this the
more I realize the human story
it is to the benefit of
criminals and their networks to
keep these things in the dark
so it sounds small but sharing
these stories is incredibly
important